---
layout: page
title: "Privacy Policy"
permalink: /privacy-policy
---

# Privacy Policy
Last updated on April 22, 2026

## DEFINITIONS
<p>For the purposes of this Privacy Policy:</p>
<ul>
<li>
<p><strong>Application</strong> refers to FluxMotion, the software program provided by the Company.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p><strong>Company</strong> (referred to as either &quot;the Company&quot;, &quot;We&quot;, &quot;Us&quot; or &quot;Our&quot; in this Agreement) refers to FluxMotion.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p><strong>Device</strong> means any device that can access the Service such as a computer, a cellphone or a digital tablet.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p><strong>Personal Information</strong> is any information that relates to an identified or identifiable individual.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p><strong>Service</strong> refers to the Application.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p><strong>Usage Data</strong> refers to data collected automatically, either generated by the use of the Service or from the Service infrastructure itself (for example, the duration of a page visit, use of an app on the Apple App Store).</p>
</li>
<li>
<p><strong>You</strong> means the individual accessing or using the Service, or the company, or other legal entity on behalf of which such individual is accessing or using the Service, as applicable.</p>
</li>
</ul>

## 1. WHAT INFORMATION DO WE COLLECT?
We only collect Usage Data as provided by Apple through the App Store; no other data is collected at this time.

## 2. WHEN AND WITH WHOM DO WE SHARE YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION?
None of your Personal Information is shared. All Personal Information you choose to enter into the Application remains on your device and is not collected.

## 3. WHAT IS OUR STANCE ON THIRD-PARTY WEBSITES? #
In Short: We are not responsible for the safety of any information that you share with third parties that we may link to or who advertise on our Services, but are not affiliated with, our Services.

The Services may link to third-party websites, online services, or mobile applications and/or contain advertisements from third parties that are not affiliated with us and which may link to other websites, services, or applications. Accordingly, we do not make any guarantee regarding any such third parties, and we will not be liable for any loss or damage caused by the use of such third-party websites, services, or applications. The inclusion of a link towards a third-party website, service, or application does not imply an endorsement by us. We cannot guarantee the safety and privacy of data you provide to any third parties. Any data collected by third parties is not covered by this privacy notice. We are not responsible for the content or privacy and security practices and policies of any third parties, including other websites, services, or applications that may be linked to or from the Services. You should review the policies of such third parties and contact them directly to respond to your questions.

## 4. WHAT ARE YOUR PRIVACY RIGHTS?

In some regions, such as the European Economic Area (EEA), United Kingdom (UK), and Canada, you have rights that allow you greater access to and control over your personal information.

## 5. DO WE MAKE UPDATES TO THIS NOTICE? #
We may update this privacy notice from time to time. The updated version will be effective as soon as it is accessible.

## 6. HOW CAN YOU CONTACT US ABOUT THIS NOTICE? #
If you have questions or comments about this notice, you may email us at proryanator@gmail.com.